Hi! My name is Dolly, and I'm a Masters student in the Quantitative Methods in the Social Sciences program. I worked for many years as an editor for Natural History magazine and for Forbes, and my writing has appeared in Discover, Forbes and other magazines. I've edited articles on everything from slime mold to multiple universes, and wrote an eight-page article for Discover on everybody's favorite particle, the neutrino. My cover stories for Forbes were featured on National Public Radio, where all my "ums" were edited out. Previously I was an analyst for Morningstar, and before that I earned an MA in English literature. 

At some point I started drawing pen-and-ink cartoons for Natural History and Commonweal, then graduated to trying to tell stories that combined pictures with words in new ways. That eventually led to researching a dual scientific biography (where the beloved neutrino again does--and does not--rear its invisible head) that I am writing as well as illustrating with digital art, watercolor paintings and collage. At Columbia, I'm taking courses in data visualization and data analysis. On the side, I teach graduate-level writing at the New School University.  

I'm very fond of sloths and bonobos. Who isn't? Blue monkeys are pretty cool too.

If you're not familiar with the French cartoonist Sempe's work, check him out here (link to be added sometime in the near or distant future..) And here's a link to Jane Goodall's research center. I admire JG's bravery and inherent dignity, and how she doesn't put humans above other creatures, as most humans tend to do. Her commitment to an approach to science that depends on empathy was revolutionary and led to at least some ethical improvements in the treatment of animals. She also does a spot-on imitation of the hoot-hoot call of the chimpanzee (link).  

 
